I mean did you see the game Travis I was
going oh well CLG after a couple weeks
of struggling has now had a clean sweep
I'm joined right now in week seven by
bio frost with coverage presented by
Omni slash talked a little bit about
their weekend so bio frost what changed
you know Nick Allen did this big AMA
there's all this drama
you guys are like hey we're gonna fix it
and then boom you somehow fix it mmm
maybe we're just a little bit lucky but
it was kind of like a do-or-die
situation if we don't win all of our
games now then there's actually 0%
chance so we make into playoffs even now
it's like it kind of requires multiple
teams to kind of start losing so we're
not really we don't really have a
hundred yeah yeah basically and so what
yeah do you think it was luck or I mean
one thing I have noticed by the way is
that this patch hit and then a lot of
teams that have been losing have been
winning and you know that we've seen
several upsets do you think that has
shifted the balance of power
well the patch definitely changed some
of the picks but for the most part we're
still kind of playing similar things we
kind of just shifted to more of one
style and kind of change our
communication structure because after we
did like lose multiple weeks we're like
we need to kind of really change some
stuff up so we're like why not do it now
because there's a couple weeks left we
might as well experiment if there's only
a couple weeks left and there's not a
big chance that we make it to playoffs
so we do want to win all of our games
even though there's a chance that we
don't make it and with one thing that I
talked to to Tony about yesterday was
that you are now the shot-caller
you're the main shot-caller yeah sounds
a little weird we're gonna just try it
this weekend
see if I could do it because a lot of
times when you play in scrims and you
shall call it's a lot easier than on
stage because there's a lot more added
pressure I still getting used to it
because it's only been two games on
stage I think the more games that you
have on stage is more impactful so if it
was like best of threes and I'd be
getting a lot of experience you
definitely learn things the hard way
when you mess it up on stage and you
learn
much faster so it's just it's been a
learning experience I mean I'm glad that
I'm getting the opportunity to kind of
learn how to shock all because people
like Bob froze he's doesn't communicate
I'm like come on
so wait so let me ask you a direct
question then you said you're still
getting kind of used to it were you
actively shotcalling like you do in
scrims on stage this this weekend or
were you still kind of like warming up
to it and maybe not as active as you
happen I mean did you see the game
Travis I was going oh okay it was very
similar I think it was a lot easier
because we're so far ahead the harder
games - alcohol is definitely when
you're really far behind you're like how
what do we do from here because any
decision can really cost forget the game
for your team and everyone was just
really on top of it today so it was
really easy to just play the game and
execute what every plan we had I agree I
find that when I ace the team it's a lot
more confident when I say go to Baron
then whatever whatever the four of them
are out but I like go to very it's like
huh hmm Baron Nexus Nexus says that
sounds likely applied right now all
right
so it sounds like you're think sends
like you're happy with that that sounds
kind of fun for you yeah it's fun when
you're winning I mean if we lost these
two games I'd be like I hate this role
I'm never gonna play it again or I'm
never gonna do it again
but it's been going well we still have
four more games to go how did the
shotcalling thing come about where you
just because I heard it was out of a
meeting and I like the idea that you
just stand up in the meeting you're like
listen I'm taking control of the
situation
you guys are all it's me now I
want you to tell you you guys are just
my BOTS I'm micromanaging you from here
on out do I seem like a prison that
doesn't know very much so I've seen the
aggression that hides behind those eyes
Vincent before we had this system where
we kind of had like people doing certain
roles and we found that that wasn't
working out and I think it was really
hard for who he liked people were really
unfair to him like saying that he was
doing a bad job because it wasn't really
his fault it was just that the system
that we had in place was just very
ineffective for doing what we wanted and
we decided that having a one-person
system would work better and it just
makes things I guess more simpler it
doesn't have to be necessarily better
it's just simpler so I guess
it results in it being better and yeah
it's been working well well I said face
teamliquid I interviewed doublelift
because you guys lost and I said to
doublelift
what did you think about Frost's or
facing off against by Frost he said he
played like a passive bitch
they were all so passive so what what do
you feed him and I feel like by the way
you guys had control of that game the
entire time so what do you how do you
feel Peter played what was it like
facing off against him well I think
Peter knows so I'm not gonna say
anything I mean if you just watch the
game and be like huh okay what do you
think he knows I'm the I'm gonna be the
better person here I'm just not gonna
say anything that's not the better
person for me Vincent all right I just
want the juicy headlines I'm an
independent media personality okay I
live and die by the views now I'm not
gonna give you any of that juicy lines
you can use something else what should I
use for this interview so far that's you
gotta give me something people will
actually by the way this is the problem
I now make these jokes people actually
believe this and then and some other
right at thread they'll be like remember
Travis he is always just fishing for the
clickbait headlights he's just a joke of
our journalists I don't care but it
would I
I'd rather you should talk Peter just
because I like it when people should
talk Peter it's very funny it's okay if
you don't want to I mean he was a little
bit passive there we go there's the
headline I've been looking for
finally all right trying to think if
there's anything else here thoughts on
the patch um
there's definitely a lot more aggressive
junglers because there's less wards so
people have more weekend timings and
usually when you have temple and your
jungler instead of using that to ward
people just gank them so that results in
more like bloodier games and that's
obviously great for the viewers because
no one really wants to watch a 50
minutes snooze fest and on top of that
they have banner now so it's even like
elevated where it's like oh if you if
they get baron and they get batter
there's like this minigame where people
try to get the mini to materialise errs
and try to get it and then you're like
wait let's just kill his guys he's he's
running up and trying to get the cat in
so yeah there's that minigame going on -
do you like that minigame or is it
annoying I mean yesterday against cloud
nines it was funny because we had that
back-and-forth like they got barrier
we're like okay let's use a talia wall
and try to get the cannon minion to
materialize it and then when we got
there as smoothy was like trying to kill
the cannon we're like we just kill this
guy so yeah that's going on - all right
anything that you would say to any other
fans cuz they're probably much happier
this week than they have been lately
yeah like after you receive weeks of
abuse something you finally gets like a
breath of fresh air you're like huh that
feels good but we just have to keep
playing well so that fans will get will
be happy and even then if we don't make
it a playoffs then people won't be happy
but we just want to make sure that
regardless we just try to win thank you
so much bye Oh frost for the interview
for everyone else you can check out the
rest of my coverage of all things
eSports here on my youtube channel hey
guys it's me Travis cafard you may know
me from the interview that you just
watched the end so that you're seeing
the outro now wanted to give you a heads
up that if you subscribe to the YouTube
channel you're actually a better human
being and by the way thank you so much
to Omni slash for making this all
possible